[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Great Pyramid, the
seventh wonder of the world.
This enigmatic structure
located within the Giza Plateau
is aligned in perfect
precision with its two smaller
sister pyramids,
Khafre and Menkaure,
and associated
paramedical structures.
But why were the pyramids
built, and in this formation?
Could unraveling the shape
and building materials
of the pyramids shed
light on their usage
throughout the world?
Researchers have attempted
to answer these questions
with archaeological and
anthropological evidence.
But could they be
missing the full picture?
As Leonardo da Vinci
once said, nature
is the source of
all true knowledge.
She has her own
logic, her own laws.
She has no effect without
cause, nor invention
without necessity.
Recent studies have
brought to the surface
some interesting results
regarding our consciousness,
the consciousness of the planet,
and the energy that seems
to radiate from a pyramid.
>> When we look at the
six simultaneous cradles
of civilization, one of the
common themes that we see run
through each of these
civilizations is the shape
of the pyramid associated with
the stars, with the cosmos.
Scientifically, it's
only been in recent years
that we've had the technology
to actually answer the question,
does the shape of a pyramid--
three-sided,
four-sided, five-sided--
in some way influence
or interact with energy
in our world?
>> Pyramid energy is something
that's been discussed by many,
many researchers,
experimented on.
They've detected frequencies
in different pyramids.
And you could very well by just
slightly altering the shape
of the pyramid, also alter
the frequency of what's
being emitted out of it.
>> So we have to say
there is an effect.
Now, the question
is did our ancestors
know that that effect was there?
Was it intentional?
Well, this goes to
the question, what
is the purpose of the
pyramids themselves?
And were they all built
using the same technology?
>> Whatever this
technology might be,
one thing that seems constant
in these ancient pyramids around
the world is the
building materials.
Andrew Collins has a theory
that connects the stones
to the pyramids to
our human brain.
>> The answer, I believe,
is to do with geometry.
Because the so-called perfect
pyramid, like we see at Giza,
is only one half
of an octahedron.
The other half of it would be
buried into the ground itself.
It reflects this sacred and
otherworldly geometry, which
is found within nitrate itself.
There are many crystals that
take the form of a octahedron.
And if that's the
case, then there
must be some kind of
resonance between the shape
of the pyramid and crystals
that also take the same form
and human consciousness as well.
So how might that work?
And the answer is that one
of the minerals that has
an octahedral form is hematite.
Hematite is iron oxide.
And not only is it
found in natural form
within nature, within rocks,
but it's also inside our heads.
There are countless
tiny hematite crystals
that contain within them
the form of the octahedron.
So there is a resonance from our
head from human consciousness,
from the human brain
through the shape
of the crystals to the shape
of the pyramids themselves.
It's a instant
transfer of information
across any distance.
And this works through
the absolute exactness
of these particles.
And if they are in the form
of an octahedron or a pyramid,
that means that our brains
resonate with the pyramid shape
itself.
So in other words, whatever
is going on inside of pyramids
can actually resonate
with human consciousness
and affect us in a
very deep cosmic way.
>> This hematite can be
found in most granite--
granite blocks like those
used in the building
of the Great Pyramid.
Could it be possible that
8,000 tons of granite
was used in the
construction because
of the properties
of this mineral
and how it affects
the human brain?
But there is yet another
mineral found in granite
that interestingly enough has
been discovered in human brain
tissue.
And this is magnetite.
Freddy Silva explains the
importance of magnetite
and its connection
to neurobiology.
>> Magnetite is also something
that flows through the human
body.
And it allows it to orient
itself to the magnetic grid.
Now, you put these
two ideas together,
you begin to realize that
the buildings were also
built to influence the
person that goes inside.
And that, in effect,
also affects the person
that walks into the building.
Because we are
essentially geometry.
All our cells,
everything is geometry.
So a person in their
right sense of attunement
will go into the
right kind of pyramid,
because all the angles are
all slightly different,
and they all induce different
psychological effects.
You go into a building
and you are influenced
by the shape of the
geometry of that building,
but also the type of stone
and the amount of stone.
Because, remember, all that
stone, and all that magnetite,
and all that quartz creates
a pH electrical effect.
So shape, pH
electrical effect, you
create an electrical
environment.
And the one person
that benefits most
from these alterations
in frequency
is the human body and its
state of consciousness.
So ultimately, it's the shape
and the correct use of stone
that's derived from the
observation of natural laws
that has a profound
effect on the individual.
>> If this is true, is it
possible that pyramids across
the world are created to
harness a unique frequency based
on their structure?
Could this structure then
have a profound effect
on our human bodies
and consciousness?
This begs the question, could
all the pyramids in the world
be slightly different
for a reason?
Maria Wheatley describes
a certain anomaly pyramid
on the Giza Plateau that
has baffled scientists
and archaeologists for years.
This might be evidence
that, indeed, each pyramid
on the planet is created
to hold a different energy
for a certain reason.
>> The bent pyramid is
an enigma to most people.
What an odd shape.
Why build a pyramid like that?
The pyramids of Egypt
neutralize one great system
called the Hartmann-grid.
The Hartmann-grid aligns
North, South, East, West.
And you find the
edges of a pyramid
are always on that plan
of the Hartmann-grid.
So that anchors it into the
ground to a certain degree.
Now with a bent
pyramid, it's believed
by numerous researchers
that a slight kink
in the shape of a pyramid
softens and neutralizes
the negative green.
The bent pyramid was
skillfully made like that
so it manipulates the
colors of the Earth
and the colors of the sun.
Now if you have a
pyramid at home yourself,
you're supposed to make it have
a little notch on the bottom,
because a big
pyramid that comes up
like that generates too much
energy of the negative green.
>> According to scientific
studies in the Dowsing
community, and a
book published by Dr.
Karim titled "Back To
A Future For Mankind",
negative green is part of 12
energy qualities that can be
measured in waves.
It is shown here
as the color gray.
Negative green has
a horizontal wave
which is beneficial to human
health and a vertical wave
which is harmful
to human health.
Harmful negative green
waves can be picked up today
as EMF and other toxic
Earth energies that create
negative effects in our bodies.
There are places, such as the
beach, and, yes, even pyramids,
that include beneficial
horizontal waves
of negative green.
The ancient people
knew that if they
were able to balance the
vertical negative green
into horizontal, it would be
a powerful healing and growth
tool.
>> If you imagine a pyramid can
irrigate the area with fertile
energy, with healing energy,
with beneficial energy,
then you have a kind of healing
irrigation system that is being
utilized particular
times of the day.
>> If the pyramid technology
was based off the building
materials used, and the
angles of its structure,
then could it be possible that
the pyramids main function
on the planet was to emit
certain frequencies that would
affect the human mind and
body in a positive way.
Could it also be affecting
the planet in a positive way?
In order to answer
these questions,
we travel 30 miles
outside Tomsk,
in the vast Russian
province of Siberia.
It is here, on May 11,
Russian engineer Valery Uvarov
broke ground on
a pyramid complex
using the techniques and the
wisdom from ancient cultures
all over the world.
>> What Dr. Urarov has
recorded, I believe,
are electromagnetic anomalies
and effects as a result of him
constructing a perfect
pyramid in a virgin landscape
that's going to be affecting
the natural geomagnetic fields
of that particular area.
And what this does is
to prove once again
how powerful that symbol
of the pyramid actually is.
>> Through his long-term study
of ancient pyramids from all
over the world, ancient
texts and scientific research
into the effects of the
pyramidal field on living
and inanimate nature, Valery
Uvarov prepared the basis
for the construction of
his Siberian pyramid.
Unlike ancient pyramids,
this experimental pyramid
is monolithic, made of concrete
containing white quartz sand.
Standing at 13.5 meters
tall, a precise height
that was derived from the
dimensions of creator Valery
Uvarov.
Not only does Uvarov's
pyramid recreate the structure
configurations and alignment
to celestial bodies,
like those of pyramid designs
from ancient civilizations,
but this experimental
creation also
contains the following
features-- a four level
resonator chamber system,
a three level system
of water reservoirs, and
also a tapered channel
running from top to bottom
along the central axis
of the pyramid for
water concentration
counter flowing energy flows.
The top or chief
cornerstone of the pyramid
is formed by a
quartz pyramidion.
Beneath this point,
there also lies
what Uvarov describes as
a system of special energy
sources.
>> General pyramid complex
consists of nine pyramids.
But at the corner
of this square area,
there are four special pyramids.
It's two giant pyramids
which are forming octahedron.
Inside of these
octahedrons, there
are so-called
energetical sources.
I came to an understanding
that all these minerals,
they have a very special
effect on human being,
on human energetical structure.
They have used a very limited
quantity of minerals-- minerals
having very special capacities
like quartz, like bauxite,
for example.
Why they have used white
color, black color, red color?
Because instead of the pyramid
there is grains of a red color.
>> A larger pyramid on the
property becomes the focus
of this experiment.
>> The big pyramid in
Tomsk, it is concrete.
And it's done with
special design.
They put a lot of crystals
inside this concrete.
So it was done
with special ideas.
And a very big crystal from
Brazil they put in the top.
Huge, huge crystal.
And there are four levels.
>> Here at the complex
for the first time Dr.
Konstantin Korotkov, professor
of physics, biophysics,
and medicine, has decided to
test the effects of the large
pyramid here on water
and the human body.
Measurements were taken on
a device called Bio-Well.
>> About 25 years ago, I
invented the instrument that is
known now in the world as
Gas Discharge Visualization.
Now, we name it as Bio-Well.
Bio-Well is a especially
instrument to measure energy.
We have two modes
of measurement.
One mode is measuring people.
For people, we are
measuring light coming
from their fingers in
electromagnetic field.
And light, this is
frequency, this wave.
Photon, it's at the same
time particle and a wave.
So we are measuring
frequency of just photons.
For this instrument,
for Bio-Well,
I developed a special sensor.
The name is sputnik sensor.
It's measuring standing
electromagnetic waves
propagating in space.
And this sensor, we are using
to study the environment.
And in particular, we
learned about the energy
of environment.
We sent in space very short
electromagnetic waves.
And propagation of those waves
depends on impedance of space.
So in different places,
in different areas,
we have a different signal.
One way information can
come, where we have walls,
we have ceiling, we have people
around, it will be one signal.
As we're around it by
measuring somewhere outside,
hopefully a totally
different signal.
And for us, it's very
important to see the amplitude
of a signal and its variation.
We have raised parameters.
We calculated them in
special algorithms.
And this way, we are able to see
whether this particular place
is quite stable
or is it variable
and what the frequency,
what the variation,
of this particular space.
And then we understand
whether this place is good,
for example, for life or it's
good for something particular.
>> Konstantin prepares the
device specifically for several
different experiments they
plan to do in this unique large
pyramid.
>> We did several measurements.
First was to measure
energy of the environment
inside the pyramid in different
levels, outside the pyramid,
comparing with the energy
in the hotel, which
is maybe about 15
kilometers from the pyramid.
So it's practically
the same area.
Next experiment
was I was putting
the sensor inside the pyramid
and left it there for two days.
>> Konstantin's first
results were that of testing
the pyramid itself.
>> It is interesting
that at level four,
the highest level
of the pyramid,
energy was higher
than in the hotel,
while in the level
one and three,
it was the same energy as
in the hotel, no difference.
But at level two,
the energy was lower.
Then, of course, I've
done a measurement
outside the pyramid.
And that was a big
difference, huge difference.
So near the pyramid,
the level of energy
was very high, very,
very high, much higher
then inside the pyramid and
much higher than in the hotel.
So it is absolutely clear for
me that outside the pyramid,
we have an increase of energy.
So being outside of
the pyramid, it's
really very good for health,
it increases your energy,
and it's a very
stimulating effect.
So it means that the
pyramid places its own field
around itself.
>> The next experiment
was testing with water.
And here, we glean some
interesting results, as well.
>> Here, I have five
bottles of water.
Those are absolutely
equal bottles
that we bought in
the same store.
So it's one of the
same types of water.
They're all sealed,
and it is full.
We leave one bottle
here in the hotel.
And four bottles, we'll
take to the pyramid.
We place them in different
levels of the pyramid.
And then tomorrow, after they
will stay in there for a day
and night, we'll collect them.
And later on, I will check this
with our instrument back here.
And the idea is for us to see
whether the pyramid really
has some influence to water.
Would it be possible to measure
this influence if it is?
So what was found?
On the level one and level
two, the energy of water
was much lower
than in the hotel,
much, much lower, while on
the level three and four,
it was much higher than
level one and level two.
We had the highest influence
to water on the level three.
And as a parameter was
frequency of water.
So again, at the
level four and three,
the frequency was
much more balanced,
while on the level
two, it was much more
chaotic than at the hotel.
So for me, it's
confirmation that
level four and level
three of the pyramid,
they are stimulating, while
level one and level two,
they are depressing.
So the more near you are to the
top, the higher the influence.
>> After his initial study of
the pyramid's energy fields,
Konstantin then moved on to the
study of energy-related effects
on human subjects.
Here is how the
experiment was conducted
and the ensuing results.
>> We did tests with two people,
two apparently healthy men,
strong guys.
So their energy was very good.
I've done their measurements
with Bio-Well in the hotel.
We take measurements
from all 10 fingers.
Then we came by
car to the pyramid.
People came inside
the pyramid, and they
were staying inside the pyramid
on the level two for one hour.
Then I repeated the measurement
inside the pyramid with them.
And coming back to
the hotel later,
I was able to see results.
And the results were
absolutely clear.
>> But unlike the water
experiment and the pyramid
itself, the human results
were quite different.
>> For both of them, it was
a drop of energy in place
of stress.
Even Valery, he was the
constructor of this pyramid.
He knew this pyramid, and he
was there many, many times.
But still, this was
an objective effect.
And you see in the hotel,
your energy was 61 joules--
in the pyramid, 48.
For me, it's one
more confirmation
that inside the pyramid,
you don't feel very healthy.
You shouldn't be there
inside for a long time.
And I had the same effect
under the Teotihuacan pyramids,
in different pyramids
in different countries.
So for me, it was one
more confirmation.
>> With such interesting
results from these tests,
is it possible that the
pyramids were designed to create
beneficial frequencies outside
the pyramids for humans,
not inside?
Or could it be likely
that only some pyramids
are designed for humans to be
inside for beneficial reasons?
>> My idea is that
Cheops Pyramid,
as many other big pyramids,
it was not designed for people
to be inside.
It's not a building.
It's not a palace.
It is a very special
construction,
but a pyramid has a
tremendously stimulating effect
on everything being outside.
So it was told to us that
everything grows much faster
around a pyramid.
All vegetation is
much greener, and they
become green in the spring
before any other vegetation
around there.
So we had many
experiments of this kind
in different countries that
demonstrate that pyramids
really have very
stimulating effects
on all life around them.
And it was confirmed
by our methods.
>> Could this be evidence
that pyramids were constructed
in ancient time with the purpose
of generating a powerful effect
on the human body?
Or maybe they were created
to have the ability
to have an effect on the Earth's
energy around the human body
and the consciousness
of the planet.
If this is the case, where
did this technology come from?
>> I believe that all those
pyramids were designed by some
previous civilizations
unknown to us.
But we have a lot of evidence
that those civilizations
existed before known
to our civilization.
>> The pyramids are not
something from this world.
The pyramids are something that
connects many civilizations
in different worlds
of this galaxy,
because the pyramids
are a construction that
represents the geometry of
creation brought to matter.
So for many other
cultures, the pyramids
represent the place where you
could be inside a sphere, where
you could be yourself
the nucleus, the core,
of your own planet.
So it's a technology to
connect with the spirit,
to connect with the
mind of the cosmos.
So each planet has its own
way to create the pyramids.
But during the
period of Atlantis,
many pyramids were
built. And this
is because they understood
their role as the seeders
of this consciousness.
They were trying to
become the planet.
They were trying to become
the universe itself.
It's a technology
that we inherited
from Sirius and some other
worlds, like Vega and Arcturus,
maybe, but they were different.
The structures, the
buildings, were different.
So this is why the
minerals, crystals,
the silica from the stones that
the pyramids are made of, they
by the correct vibration
helped us to restore
the images of the
universe, because we are
a universe in different shapes.
So we can remember from
where our particles came
from just if they are aligned
to the same vibration.
>> Humanity has looked
upon these great wonders
of the ancient world throughout
the ages and pondered
the meaning of their existence.
Who built the pyramids and why?
Could a combination
of the minerals
that the pyramids
are made of and
their certain
geometric structures
speak to us on a
frequency we are just
now just understanding?
And do the experiments
that were done in Siberia
suggest that this might be true?
Could these devices be not
for humans to reside in,
but more for humans
to reside around,
an ancient device built to
harmonize these frequencies
and energies around our planet
for communication and balance?
As long as modern
researchers continue
to pioneer new
means of discovery
into this ancient
technology, we may one day
be able to use
them to communicate
with the energies of the planet
and also the galaxies beyond.
[THEME MUSIC]